docs(migration): Documented removal of remix-pwa in migration guide (#875)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/100-upgrade/migration-guides/3.3-3.4.mdx

override on it.<br /> For more information about this change, see the
[Extend a route layout guide](/docs/3.x/guides/extend-route-layout).

> ## Removal of `remix-pwa` in favor of `vite-pwa`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Replacement of `remix-pwa` in favor of `vite-pwa`
```

> In this version we have replaced `remix-pwa` with `vite-pwa`. Although codemods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this version we have moved PWA concerns to standard building tools. It implied the replacement of `remix-pwa` with `vite-pwa`. Although codemods
```

should handle removing those in the code, you will need to remove the packages
from your project:

```shell
pnpm remove remix-pwa @remix-pwa/dev @remix-pwa/worker-runtime @remix-pwa/cache @remix-pwa/strategy @remix-pwa/sw
```

> `<LiveReload>` component from must be removed from your project, as

Reviewer: **issue:** are you sure it's needed? Isn't it cleaned by the codemod?

**suggestion:** if it is -> remove. If it's not, reword as
```suggestion
`<LiveReload>` component from must be removed from your project's `root.tsx` root route, as
```

[it is now obsolete](https://remix.run/docs/en/main/future/vite#hmr--hdr) as
well.

> You will also need to add install `workbox-window` package to your project:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will also need to add additional packages used in the service worker to your project:
```

```shell

> pnpm add workbox-window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pnpm add workbox-window workbox-routing
```
